shock.png           /:o     
curl-lip.png        /:~     
desire.png          /:*     
dazed.png           /:|     
party.png           /8-)    
crying.png          /:<     
bashful.png         /:$     
shut-mouth.png      /:x     
sleepy.png          /:z     
weep.png            /:'(    
embarrassed.png     /:-|    
pissed-off.png      /:@     
act-up.png          /:p     
smile-big.png       /:d     
smile.png           /:)     
sad.png             /:(     
glasses-cool.png    /:+     
doctor.png          /:#     
silly.png           /:q     
sick.png            /:t     
snicker.png         /;p     
cute.png            /;-d    
disdain.png         /;d     
arrogant.png        /;o     
starving.png        /:g     
yawn.png            /|-)    
terror.png          /:!     
sweat.png           /:l     
smirk.png           /:>     
soldier.png         /:;     
struggle.png        /;f     
curse.png           /:-s    
question.png        /?      
quiet.png           /;x     
hypnotized.png      /;@     
excruciating.png    /:8     
freaked-out.png     /;!     
skeleton.png        /!!!    
hammer.png          /xx     
bye.png             /bye    
go-away.png         /go     
tremble.png         /shake  
in-love.png         /love   
jump.png            /jump   
search.png          /find   
lashes.png          /&      
pig.png             /pig    
cat.png             /cat    
dog.png             /dog    
hug-left.png        /hug    
coins.png           /$      
lamp.png            /!      
bowl.png            /cup    
cake.png            /cake   
thunder.png         /li     
bomb.png            /bome   
knife.png           /kn     
soccerball.png      /footb  
musical-note.png    /music  
poop.png            /shit   
coffee.png          /coffee 
eat.png             /eat    
pill.png            /pill   
rose.png            /rose   
wilt.png            /fade   
kiss.png            /kiss   
love.png            /heart  
love-over.png       /break  
meeting.png         /meeting
present.png         /gift   
phone.png           /phone  
clock.png           /time   
mail.png            /email  
tv.png              /tv     
sun.png             /sun    
moon.png            /moon   
good.png            /strong 
bad.png             /weak   
handshake.png       /share  
victory.png         /v      
beauty.png          /<j>    
qq.png              /<qq>   
blowkiss.png        /<l>    
angry.png           /<o>    
liquor.png          /<b>    
can.png             /<u>    
watermelon.png      /<w>    
rain.png            /<!!>   
cloudy.png          /<~>    
snowman.png         /<z>    
star.png            /<*>    
girl.png            /<00>   
boy.png             /<11>   
skywalker.png       c:-) 
monkey.png          :-(|) 
